Add readme for both scope packages #96 (#148)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: packages/opentelemetry-scope-base/README.md

# OpenTelemetry Base Scope Manager
[![Gitter chat][gitter-image]][gitter-url]
[![dependencies][dependencies-image]][dependencies-url]
[![devDependencies][devDependencies-image]][devDependencies-url]
[![Apache License][license-image]][license-image]

> This package provides the ScopeManager interface (which is used the different implementations) and no-op implementation (which is used internally when no scope propagation is defined). It's intended for use both on the server and in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides the ScopeManager interface (which is used by concrete implementations) and a no-op implementation (which is used internally when no scope propagation is defined). It's intended for use both on the server and in the browser.
```

Author: Thanks for catching those ! Fixed
